#### Task 1

Create in console two of variables and assign to them two boolean values. Compare them using correctly operator.
#### Task 2

Create in the console the three variables. Let two hold any numbers, and third named ```moduloResult``` hold number 0. Calculate the rest of the division (modulo) of the numbers and write the result in  ```moduloResult``` variable.
Write down ```moduloResult``` variable in the console. 

#### Task 3

Create In the console the three variables. Two of them hold any strings, and one named ```stringsResult``` hold empty string, eg.  ```let stringsResult = ""``` . Connect the strings using concatenation and write result in the ```stringsResult``` variable and show this in the console.
#### Task 4

Create in the console the two variables:

var someNumber = 425;
var someString = "425";

Compare this variables by using operators ```==``` and ```===```.
Write the results in the console.
#### Task 5

Create in the console variable named ```counter```. Put the number 30 in it.
Write the value of this variable to the console and:

* By using increment increase the value of the ```counter``` variable.
* Write result to the console
* By using decrementation decrease the value of the ```counter``` variable.
* Write result to the console

#### Task 6

Create in the console the three variables. Two of them let hold any numbers and third named ```result```, let hold ```null```. Checvk if first number is bigger than second number using the appropriate operator and write the result in the ```result``` variable. Write this variable in the console. 