#### Zadanie 1

Create an array with any elements and list them to the console

#### Zadanie 2

Create an array with any elements and in the console write:
1. First and second element
2. Last element
3. All elements
4. every other element
5. All strings
6. All numbers

#### Zadanie 3

Create an array with only type number elements. I the console write: 

1. Sum of all elements
2. Difference of all elements
3. Mean of all elements
4. Even elements
5. Odd elements
6. The biggest number
7. The lowest number
8. Write the array from the back

* do not consider the boundary conditions. The numbers do not repeat themselves.
** don't use Math object

#### Zadanie 4

Write a function that takes array of numbers as the parameter. Return to the console the sum of all numbers.

#### Zadaie 5

Write a function that takes array of numbers as the parameter. Then list in the console all the elements of this array multiplied by the mean of the array.

#### Zadanie 6

Write a function that returns average of the even numbers in the array that you pass as a parameter to this function.

#### Zadanie 7

Sort the array passed as a parameter to the function. Write in on the console. 

#### Zadanie 8

Write a function will return an array that will by the sum of the indices of the two arrays passed as function parameters. 
#### Zadanie 9

Write a function that takes an array with numbers as a parameter and then returns a new array based on the parameter where each element of the array has the reverse sign. 