#### Excercise 1

List in the console:

1. Parent element id = "buz"
2. The brother of the element id = "baz"
3. Children of the element id = "foo"
4.parent of the element id "foo"
5th child of the element id = "foo"
6.the middle child of the element id = "foo"

#### Exercise 2

Write a function that takes the element id = "ex2" as a parameter. Then it will add an event listener click on that item. If the red square is clicked get the text from the internal div of this element and display it in the console.

#### Exercise 3

Write a function that will add the same click event to each button in div id = "ex3". The task of the event will be to reveal or hide the span element next to the button.


#### Exercise 4

Add an event to the buttons from task 3 so that when you click on any of them, their parent changes the color to any color. Save everything in the function.
Random Color:
var randomColor = "#" + Math.floor (Math.random () * 16777215) .toString (16);

#### Exercise 5

There are three rectangles in div id = "ex5". When you hover over any of them, the items on the list should change their background-color to a rectangle but according to the following points:

1. Only the first item in the list
2. only the last item in the list
3. Even list items
4. All list items
5. None of the items - the complete list only

#### Exercise 6

In div id = "ex6" starting from this diva find and write to variables the following combinations:

1st child -> first child -> first child
2nd child -> parent -> first child -> first child -> brother -> parent
3rd parent -> first child -> parent -> second child -> first child -> first child -> first child