#### Excercise 1

Create and add a div element to the page with the text: "This is a new element";

#### Exercise 2

Create the right elements and add a list of favorite fruits to the website (minimum 6)

#### Exercise 3

Based on the list from task 2, create an event that will remove every other element from this list.

#### Exercise 4

Add button to the page after clicking on the button, it is to be removed from the page.

#### Exercise 5

Based on a random number, create the appropriate number of divs with the text: "this is div number $ {number}"

#### Exercise 6

On the basis of the object, create a structure in html

{
    div1: 'this is div',
    span1: 'this is span',
    div2: {
        div3: 'this is div',
    },
    span2: 'this is span',
}

#### Exercise 7

Make two lists. In one, place a minimum of 6 elements. Let the other one be empty. Add a button under each of the lists. After clicking on the button below the list, the last item in the list is to be moved to the second list. If there are no items in the list, the button should be disabled with the disabled attribute;

#### Exercise 8

Create a form where you can enter what element the user wants to create, with what text, with the color of the text and how many times this element should be repeated on the page. After clicking the "Create" button, the form should create such a structure.

#### Exercise 9

Create a form where you can enter table data such as:

1. Name
2. Surname
3. Age
4. Number of children

The form should be able to add several such items after clicking on the "More" button. After clicking on "Create", a table should be created with the appropriate headers and filled in with data from the form. At the end of each line there should be a "Delete" button that removes the line.


#### Exercise 10

Based on the above task, create a function that will check all the strings entered and convert their first letters to capital letters.

#### Exercise 11

Create a function that will take any string. Check if there are numbers in it. If so, enter their sum in the console. Additionally, create as many divs with this text as the product of these numbers.

#### Exercise 12

Create a function that takes any string. Then throw that string into an object under any field. Add a method to the object that will check if there is a string 'Ala' in the text and if so, it will replace it with 'Ola'. If the text is not present, have it create an appropriate div and add the text "The word Ala is not in the text."

#### Exercise 13

Create a function that takes an array of strings. The function is to return a new array with the number of letters in strings. The second function is to sum up all the numbers in the array and return the result. The third function is to take the average of the numbers and return the result.

#### Exercise 14

Create an object with 3 fields:
{
    name: '',
    surname: '',
    age: ''
}

Then create a function (not a method) that assigns new values ​​to these fields and creates new fields with the length of the strings. If any of the strings will be longer than 5, create a html button on which the whole object will return to its initial state.